Command task matching (#867)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/reference/changes.rst

   :cylc-rose: `1.5 <https://github.com/cylc/cylc-rose/blob/master/CHANGES.md>`__
   :rose: `2.4 <https://github.com/metomi/rose/blob/master/CHANGES.md>`__

Task Matching
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Various Cylc commands (e.g. ``cylc trigger``, ``cylc set`` and ``cylc hold``)
allow us to select the tasks we want to operate on using cycle points,
family names or globs, e.g:

.. code-block:: bash

   # trigger active tasks in cycle "2000"
   cylc trigger workflow//2000

   # trigger active tasks in "FAMILY" in cycle "2000"
   cylc trigger workflow//2000/FAMILY

   # trigger all tasks in cycle "2000" with names starting with "foo"
   cylc trigger workflow//2000/foo*

> However, Cylc would only operate on :term:`active tasks <active task>`.

Reviewer: This isn't very clear unless you carefully read the entire section, better to make it stand alone.
```suggestion
However, prior to 8.6 family names and globs would only match :term:`active tasks <active task>`.
```

members of the family which were active at the time.

As of Cylc 8.6.0, this restriction has been lifted, so for example, holding a
family will now hold all tasks within the family, irrespective of whether they
are active or not.

.. code-block:: bash

   # hold all tasks in "FAMILY" at cycle "2000"
   cylc hold workflow//2000/FAMILY

   # re-run all tasks in cycle "2000" (in order)
   cylc trigger workflow//2000

   # mark all tasks beginning with "foo" in cycle "2000" as "succeeded"
   cylc set workflow//2000/foo* --out=succeeded

Because Cylc workflows can be infinite, if a cycle includes a "glob" pattern
(e.g. ``*``), this will only match :term:`active cycles <active cycle>`
(any cycle which contains at least one :term:`active task`), e.g:

.. code-block:: bash

   # remove the task "foo" from all active cycles of the workflow
   cylc remove workflow//*/foo

   # release all tasks in "FAMILY" in all active cycles of the workflow
   cylc release workflow//*/FAMILY

This (combined with :ref:`changes.8.5.0.triggering_multiple_tasks`)
makes Cylc 7 "reset to waiting" use cases much easier:

.. list-table::
   :class: grid-table

   * - **Cylc 7**
     - **Cylc 8**
   * - ::

>           cylc insert workflow FAMILY.cycle
>           cylc reset workflow FAMILY.cycle --state=waiting

Reviewer: In the interests of promoting how much better Cylc 8 is now, we should show what was needed to achieve the same thing *in general* in Cylc 7, not just in its still-in-the-task-pool sweet spot.  You've partially done that, with task insertion, but then we'd likely have to identify and trigger the first tasks that lead into the family, after setting them all up in the waiting state.

```suggestion
          cylc insert workflow FAMILY.cycle
          cylc reset workflow FAMILY.cycle --state=waiting
          # Trigger the task(s) that start the FAMILY sub-graph
          cylc trigger workflow member1.cycle 
```
